this website is owned and operated by atlas solutions group inc. . 
by visiting our website and accessing the information , resources , services , products , and tools we provide , you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy -lrb- hereafter referred to as ` user agreement ' -rrb- , along with the terms and conditions as stated in our privacy policy -lrb- please refer to the privacy policy section below for more information -rrb- . 
this agreement is in effect as of mar 02 , 2015 . 
we reserve the right to change this user agreement from time to time without notice . 
you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this user agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications . 
your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions . 
by visiting our website and accessing the information , resources , services , products , and tools we provide for you , either directly or indirectly -lrb- hereafter referred to as ` resources ' -rrb- , you agree to use these resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by -lrb- a -rrb- the terms of this user agreement , and -lrb- b -rrb- applicable laws , regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines . 
wherein , you understand that : 
in order to access our resources , you may be required to provide certain information about yourself -lrb- such as identification , contact details , etc. -rrb- as part of the registration process , or as part of your ability to use the resources . 
you agree that any information you provide will always be accurate , correct , and up to date . 
you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our resources . 
accordingly , you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s . 
c. accessing -lrb- or attempting to access -rrb- any of our resources by any means other than through the means we provide , is strictly prohibited . 
you specifically agree not to access -lrb- or attempt to access -rrb- any of our resources through any automated , unethical or unconventional means . 
d. engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our resources , including the servers and/or networks to which our resources are located or connected , is strictly prohibited . 
e. attempting to copy , duplicate , reproduce , sell , trade , or resell our resources is strictly prohibited . 
you are solely responsible any consequences , losses , or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you , as explained above , and may incur criminal or civil liability . 
we may provide various open communication tools on our website , such as blog comments , blog posts , public chat , forums , message boards , newsgroups , product ratings and reviews , various social media services , etc. . 
you understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools , which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website , then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner . 
by posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned , you agree that you will not upload , post , share , or otherwise distribute any content that : 
i. is illegal , threatening , defamatory , abusive , harassing , degrading , intimidating , fraudulent , deceptive , invasive , racist , or contains any type of suggestive , inappropriate , or explicit language ; 
infringes on any trademark , patent , trade secret , copyright , or other proprietary right of any party ; 
contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising ; 
impersonates any person or entity , including any atlassolutionsgroup.com employees or representatives . 
we have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that , we feel in our judgment does not comply with this user agreement , along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive , harmful , objectionable , inaccurate , or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks . 
we are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content . 
if you post content that we choose to remove , you hereby consent to such removal , and consent to waive any claim against us . 
we do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website . 
however , any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website , provided that it does n't violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks , becomes the property of atlas solutions group inc. , and as such , gives us a perpetual , irrevocable , worldwide , royalty-free , exclusive license to reproduce , modify , adapt , translate , publish , publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit . 
this only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described , and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process , necessary in order to use our resources . 
all information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy . 
you agree to indemnify and hold harmless atlas solutions group inc. and its parent company and affiliates , and their directors , officers , managers , employees , donors , agents , and licensors , from and against all losses , expenses , damages and costs , including reasonable attorneys ' fees , resulting from any violation of this user agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account . 
we reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this user agreement . 
in such event , you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us . 
your privacy is very important to us , which is why we 've created a separate privacy policy in order to explain in detail how we collect , manage , process , secure , and store your private information . 
our privacy policy is included under the scope of this user agreement . 
to read our privacy policy in its entirety , click here . 
by using our website , you understand and agree that all resources we provide are `` as is '' and `` as available '' . 
this means that we do not represent or warrant to you that : 
i -rrb- the use of our resources will meet your needs or requirements . 
ii -rrb- the use of our resources will be uninterrupted , timely , secure or free from errors . 
iii -rrb- the information obtained by using our resources will be accurate or reliable , and 
iv -rrb- any defects in the operation or functionality of any resources we provide will be repaired or corrected . 
furthermore , you understand and agree that : 
v -rrb- any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our resources is done at your own discretion and risk , and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content . 
vi -rrb- no information or advice , whether expressed , implied , oral or written , obtained by you from atlas solutions group inc. or through any resources we provide shall create any warranty , guarantee , or conditions of any kind , except for those expressly outlined in this user agreement . 
in conjunction with the limitation of warranties as explained above , you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid , if any , for use of products and/or services . 
atlas solutions group inc. will not be liable for any direct , indirect , incidental , consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our resources , or as a result of any changes , data loss or corruption , cancellation , loss of access , or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply . 
all content and materials available on atlassolutionsgroup.com , including but not limited to text , graphics , website name , code , images and logos are the intellectual property of atlas solutions group inc. , and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law . 
any inappropriate use , including but not limited to the reproduction , distribution , display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited , unless specifically authorized by atlas solutions group inc. . 
you agree that we may , at our sole discretion , suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and resources with or without notice and for any reason , including , without limitation , breach of this user agreement . 
any suspected illegal , fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities . 
upon suspension or termination , your right to use the resources we provide will immediately cease , and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us , including any account or login information . 
this website is controlled by atlas solutions group inc. from our offices located in the state of ca , us . 
it can be accessed by most countries around the world . 
as each country has laws that may differ from those of ca , by accessing our website , you agree that the statutes and laws of ca , without regard to the conflict of laws and the united nations convention on the international sales of goods , will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site . 
furthermore , any action to enforce this user agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in us , ca you hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts , and waive any jurisdictional , venue , or inconvenient forum objections to such courts . 
unless otherwise expressed , atlas solutions group inc. . 
expressly disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind , whether express or implied , including , but not limited to the implied warranties and conditions of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement . 
if you have any questions or comments about these our terms of service as outlined above , you can contact us at : 
