last modified : april 14 , 2014 -lrb- view archived versions -rrb- 
thanks for using our products and services -lrb- `` services '' -rrb- . 
the services are provided by google inc. -lrb- `` google '' -rrb- , located at 1600 amphitheatre parkway , mountain view , ca 94043 , united states . 
by using our services , you are agreeing to these terms . 
our services are very diverse , so sometimes additional terms or product requirements -lrb- including age requirements -rrb- may apply . 
additional terms will be available with the relevant services , and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those services . 
you must follow any policies made available to you within the services . 
do n't misuse our services . 
for example , do n't interfere with our services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide . 
you may use our services only as permitted by law , including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations . 
we may suspend or stop providing our services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct . 
using our services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our services or the content you access . 
you may not use content from our services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law . 
these terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our services . 
do n't remove , obscure , or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our services . 
our services display some content that is not google 's . 
this content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available . 
we may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies , and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law . 
but that does not necessarily mean that we review content , so please do n't assume that we do . 
in connection with your use of the services , we may send you service announcements , administrative messages , and other information . 
you may opt out of some of those communications . 
some of our services are available on mobile devices . 
do not use such services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws . 
you may need a google account in order to use some of our services . 
you may create your own google account , or your google account may be assigned to you by an administrator , such as your employer or educational institution . 
if you are using a google account assigned to you by an administrator , different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account . 
to protect your google account , keep your password confidential . 
you are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your google account . 
try not to reuse your google account password on third-party applications . 
if you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or google account , follow these instructions . 
google 's privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our services . 
by using our services , you agree that google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies . 
we respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the u.s. digital millennium copyright act . 
we provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online . 
if you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us , you can find information about submitting notices and google 's policy about responding to notices in our help center . 
some of our services allow you to upload , submit , store , send or receive content . 
you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content . 
in short , what belongs to you stays yours . 
when you upload , submit , store , send or receive content to or through our services , you give google -lrb- and those we work with -rrb- a worldwide license to use , host , store , reproduce , modify , create derivative works -lrb- such as those resulting from translations , adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our services -rrb- , communicate , publish , publicly perform , publicly display and distribute such content . 
the rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating , promoting , and improving our services , and to develop new ones . 
this license continues even if you stop using our services -lrb- for example , for a business listing you have added to google maps -rrb- . 
some services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that service . 
also , in some of our services , there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those services . 
make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our services . 
our automated systems analyze your content -lrb- including emails -rrb- to provide you personally relevant product features , such as customized search results , tailored advertising , and spam and malware detection . 
this analysis occurs as the content is sent , received , and when it is stored . 
if you have a google account , we may display your profile name , profile photo , and actions you take on google or on third-party applications connected to your google account -lrb- such as +1 's , reviews you write and comments you post -rrb- in our services , including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts . 
we will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your google account . 
for example , you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad . 
you can find more information about how google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular services . 
if you submit feedback or suggestions about our services , we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you . 
when a service requires or includes downloadable software , this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available . 
some services may let you adjust your automatic update settings . 
google gives you a personal , worldwide , royalty-free , non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by google as part of the services . 
this license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the services as provided by google , in the manner permitted by these terms . 
you may not copy , modify , distribute , sell , or lease any part of our services or included software , nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software , unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission . 
open source software is important to us . 
some software used in our services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you . 
there may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms . 
we are constantly changing and improving our services . 
we may add or remove functionalities or features . 
and we may suspend or stop a service altogether . 
you can stop using our services at any time , although we 'll be sorry to see you go . 
google may also stop providing services to you , or add or create new limits to our services at any time . 
we believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important . 
if we discontinue a service , where reasonably possible , we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that service . 
we provide our services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them . 
but there are certain things that we do n't promise about our services . 
other than as expressly set out in these terms or additional terms , neither google nor its suppliers or distributors make any specific promises about the services . 
for example , we do n't make any commitments about the content within the services , the specific functions of the services , or their reliability , availability , or ability to meet your needs . 
we provide the services `` as is '' . 
some jurisdictions provide for certain warranties , like the implied warranty of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement . 
to the extent permitted by law , we exclude all warranties . 
when permitted by law , google , and google 's suppliers and distributors , will not be responsible for lost profits , revenues , or data , financial losses or indirect , special , consequential , exemplary , or punitive damages . 
to the extent permitted by law , the total liability of google , and its suppliers and distributors , for any claims under these terms , including for any implied warranties , is limited to the amount you paid us to use the services -lrb- or , if we choose , to supplying you the services again -rrb- . 
in all cases , google , and its suppliers and distributors , will not be liable for any loss or damage that is not reasonably foreseeable . 
if you are using our services on behalf of a business , that business accepts these terms . 
it will hold harmless and indemnify google and its affiliates , officers , agents , and employees from any claim , suit or action arising from or related to the use of the services or violation of these terms , including any liability or expense arising from claims , losses , damages , suits , judgments , litigation costs and attorneys ' fees . 
we may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a service to , for example , reflect changes to the law or changes to our services . 
you should look at the terms regularly . 
we 'll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page . 
we 'll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable service . 
changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted . 
however , changes addressing new functions for a service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately . 
if you do not agree to the modified terms for a service , you should discontinue your use of that service . 
if there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms , the additional terms will control for that conflict . 
these terms control the relationship between google and you . 
they do not create any third party beneficiary rights . 
if you do not comply with these terms , and we do n't take action right away , this does n't mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have -lrb- such as taking action in the future -rrb- . 
if it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable , this will not affect any other terms . 
the laws of california , u.s.a. , excluding california 's conflict of laws rules , will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the services . 
all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of santa clara county , california , usa , and you and google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts . 
for information about how to contact google , please visit our contact page . 
