snap group limited terms of service 
-lrb- if you live outside the united states -rrb- 
effective : january 10 , 2017 
we 're thrilled you 've decided to use snapchat and our other products and services , all of which we refer to simply as the `` services . '' 
we 've drafted these terms of service -lrb- which we call the `` terms '' -rrb- so you 'll know the rules that govern our relationship with you . 
although we have tried our best to strip the legalese from the terms , there are places where these terms may still read like a traditional contract . 
there 's a good reason for that : these terms do indeed form a legally binding contract between you and snap group limited . 
so please read them carefully . 
by using the services , you agree to the terms . 
of course , if you do n't agree with them , then do n't use the services . 
these terms apply to you if you live outside the united states or if you are using the services on behalf of a business located outside the united states . 
if you live in the united states or are using the services on behalf of a business located there , the snap inc. . 
arbitration notice : if you 're using the services on behalf of a business , then your business will be bound by the arbitration clause that appears later in these terms . 
no one under 13 is allowed to create an account or use the services . 
we may offer additional services with additional terms that may require you to be even older to use them . 
so please read all terms carefully . 
by using the services , you affirm that : 
you can form a binding contract with snap group limited . 
you are not a person who is barred from receiving the services under the laws of the united states , the united kingdom , or any other applicable jurisdiction -- meaning that you do not appear on the u.s. treasury department 's list of specially designated nationals or face any other similar prohibition . 
you will comply with these terms and all applicable local , state , national , and international laws , rules , and regulations . 
if you are using the services on behalf of a business or some other entity , you affirm that you are authorized to grant all licenses set forth in these terms and to agree to these terms on behalf of the business or entity . 
snap group limited grants you a personal , worldwide , royalty-free , non-assignable , nonexclusive , revocable , and non-sublicensable license to access and use the services . 
this license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the services ' benefits in a way that these terms and our usage policies , such as our community guidelines , allow . 
any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades , updates , or other new features . 
you may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device 's settings . 
you may not copy , modify , distribute , sell , or lease any part of our services . 
nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software , unless laws prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission to do so . 
many of our services let you create , upload , post , send , receive , and store content . 
when you do that , you retain whatever ownership rights in that content you had to begin with . 
but you grant us a license to use that content . 
how broad that license is depends on which services you use and the settings you have selected . 
for all services other than live , local , and any other crowd-sourced service , you grant snap group limited , snap inc. , and their affiliates a worldwide , royalty-free , sublicensable , and transferable license to host , store , use , display , reproduce , modify , adapt , edit , publish , and distribute that content for as long as you use the services . 
this license is for the limited purpose of operating , developing , providing , promoting , and improving the services and researching and developing new ones . 
because live , local , and any other crowd-sourced services are inherently public and chronicle matters of public interest , the license you grant us for content submitted to those services is broader . 
in addition to granting us the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph , you also grant us a license to create derivative works from , promote , exhibit , broadcast , syndicate , sublicense , publicly perform , and publicly display content submitted to live , local , or any other crowd-sourced services in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods -lrb- now known or later developed -rrb- . 
to the extent it 's necessary , when you appear in , create , upload , post , or send live , local , or other crowd-sourced content , you also grant snap group limited , snap inc. , and our affiliates and business partners the unrestricted , worldwide right and license to use your name , likeness , and voice . 
this means , among other things , that you will not be entitled to any compensation from snap group limited , snap inc. , or our affiliates and business partners if your name , likeness , or voice is conveyed through live , local , or other crowd-sourced services , either on the snapchat application or on one of our business partner 's platforms . 
for more information about how to tailor who can watch your content , please take a look at our privacy policy and support site . 
while we 're not required to do so , we may access , review , screen , and delete your content at any time and for any reason , including if we think your content violates these terms . 
you alone , though , remain responsible for the content you create , upload , post , send , or store through the services . 
the services may contain advertisements . 
in consideration for snap group limited letting you access and use the services , you agree that we , snap inc. , our affiliates , and our third-party partners may place advertising on the services , including personalized advertising based upon the information you provide us or we collect or obtain about you . 
because the services contain content that you and other users provide us , advertising may sometimes appear near your content . 
we always love to hear from our users . 
but if you volunteer feedback or suggestions , just know that we can use your ideas without compensating you . 
much of the content on our services is produced by users , publishers , and other third parties . 
whether that content is posted publicly or sent privately , the content is the sole responsibility of the person or organization that submitted it . 
although snap group limited reserves the right to review all content that appears on the services and to remove any content that violates these terms , we do not necessarily review all of it . 
so we can not -- and do not -- take responsibility for any content that others provide through the services . 
through these terms and our community guidelines , we make clear that we do not want the services put to bad uses . 
but because we do not review all content , we can not guarantee that content on the services will always conform to our terms or guidelines . 
your privacy matters to us . 
you can learn how your information is handled when you use our services by reading the privacy policy . 
we encourage you to give the privacy policy a careful look because , by using our services , you agree that your information may be collected and processed by snap group limited in the uk and snap inc. in the u.s. , as well as their affiliates , and transferred outside of the country in which you reside , including to countries that may not have the same data-protection laws as your country . 
snap group limited respects the rights of others . 
you therefore may not use the services in a manner that : 
violates or infringes someone else 's rights of publicity , privacy , copyright , trademark , or other intellectual-property right . 
bullies , harasses , or intimidates . 
spams or solicits our users . 
you must also respect the rights of snap group limited and its affiliates , including snap inc. . 
these terms do not grant you any right to : 
use branding , logos , designs , photographs , videos , or any other materials used in our services . 
copy , archive , download , upload , distribute , syndicate , broadcast , perform , display , make available , or otherwise use any portion of the services or the content on the services except as set forth in these terms . 
use the services , any tools provided by the services , or any content on the services for any commercial purposes without our consent . 
in short : you may not use the services or the content on the services in ways that are not authorized by these terms . 
nor may you help anyone else in doing so . 
we therefore take reasonable steps to expeditiously remove from our services any infringing material that we become aware of . 
and if snap group limited becomes aware that one of its users has repeatedly infringed copyrights , we will take reasonable steps within our power to terminate the user 's account . 
we make it easy for you to report suspected copyright infringement . 
if you believe that anything on the services infringes a copyright that you own or control , please fill out this form . 
or you may file a notice with our designated agent : 
if you file a notice with our copyright agent , it must : 
contain the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner . 
identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed . 
identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed , or access to which is to be disabled , and information reasonably sufficient to let us locate the material . 
provide your contact information , including your address , telephone number , and an email address . 
provide a personal statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law . 
provide a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and , under penalty of perjury , that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner . 
we try hard to keep our services a safe place for all users . 
but we ca n't guarantee it . 
that 's where you come in . 
by using the services , you agree that : 
you will not use the services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited in these terms . 
you will not use any robot , spider , crawler , scraper , or other automated means or interface to access the services or extract other user 's information . 
you will not use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the services or other users ' content or information without our written consent . 
you will not use the services in a way that could interfere with , disrupt , negatively affect , or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the services , or that could damage , disable , overburden , or impair the functioning of the services . 
you will not use or attempt to use another user 's account , username , or password without their permission . 
you will not solicit login credentials from another user . 
you will not post content that contains pornography , graphic violence , threats , hate speech , or incitements to violence . 
you will not upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the services . 
you will not attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ , or attempt to access areas or features of the services that you are not authorized to access . 
you will not probe , scan , or test the vulnerability of our services or any system or network . 
you will not encourage or promote any activity that violates these terms . 
we also care about your safety while using our services . 
so do not use our services in a way that would distract you from obeying traffic or safety laws . 
for example , never snap and drive . 
and never put yourself or others in harm 's way just to capture a snap . 
you are responsible for any activity that occurs in your snapchat account . 
so it 's important that you keep your account secure . 
one way to do that is to select a strong password that you do n't use for any other account . 
by using the services , you agree that , in addition to exercising common sense : 
you will not create more than one account for yourself . 
you will not create another account if we have already disabled your account , unless you have our written permission to do so . 
you will not buy , sell , rent , or lease access to your snapchat account , live , snaps , a snapchat username , or a friend link without our written permission . 
you will not share your password . 
you will not log in or attempt to access the services through unauthorized third-party applications or clients . 
if you think that someone has gained access to your account , please immediately reach out to snapchat support . 
memories is our data-storage service that makes it easier for you to reminisce anytime , anywhere . 
by agreeing to these terms , you automatically enable memories . 
once memories is enabled , it will remain enabled for as long as you maintain your snapchat account . 
but you can always turn off certain memories features through settings . 
one of the options we provide with memories is the ability to create a restricted area by setting a passcode , which might be a pin or a passphrase or some other mechanism . 
this is similar to the device-lock option you may be using on your mobile device ; by setting a passcode , you make it less likely that another person who gets ahold of your device will be able to see what you saved to the restricted area of memories . 
but here 's a big warning : if you lose or forget your memories passcode , or if you enter the wrong one too many times , you will lose access to any content you saved in the restricted area of memories . 
we do n't offer any passcode recovery features for this restricted area . 
you are solely responsible for remembering your passcode . 
please go to our support site for more details on passcodes . 
your content in memories might become unavailable for any number of reasons , including things like an operational glitch or a decision on our end to terminate your account . 
since we ca n't promise that your content will always be available , we recommend keeping a separate copy of the content you save to memories . 
we make no promise that memories will be able to accommodate your precise storage needs . 
we reserve the right to set storage limits for memories , and we may change these limits from time to time in our sole discretion . 
and just as with our other services , your use of memories may take up space on your device and may incur mobile data charges . 
you may not resell any memories features . 
this means you ca n't do something like use memories to operate your own file-storage or distribution service for other people . 
you are responsible for any mobile charges that you may incur for using our services , including text-messaging and data charges . 
if you 're unsure what those charges may be , you should ask your service provider before using the services . 
if you change or deactivate the mobile phone number that you used to create a snapchat account , you must update your account information through settings within 72 hours to prevent us from sending to someone else messages intended for you . 
if you use a service , feature , or functionality that is operated by a third party and made available through our services -lrb- including services we jointly offer with the third party -rrb- , each party 's terms will govern the respective party 's relationship with you . 
neither snap group limited nor snap inc. is responsible or liable for a third party 's terms or actions taken under the third party 's terms . 
we 're relentlessly improving our services and creating new ones all the time . 
that means we may add or remove features , products , or functionalities , and we may also suspend or stop the services altogether . 
we may take any of these actions at any time , and when we do , we will try to notify you beforehand , but this wo n't always be possible . 
while we hope you remain a lifelong snapchatter , you can terminate these terms at any time and for any reason by deleting your account . 
snap group limited may also terminate these terms with you at any time , for any reason . 
and while we 'll try to give you advance notice , we ca n't guarantee it . 
our right to terminate these terms means that we may stop providing you with any services , or impose new or additional limits on your ability to use the services . 
for example , we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity , and we may reclaim your username at any time for any reason . 
regardless of who terminates these terms , both you and snap group limited continue to be bound by sections 3 , 6 , 9 , 10 , and 13-22 of the terms . 
you agree , to the extent permitted by law , to indemnify , defend , and hold harmless snap group limited , snap inc. , and our affiliates , directors , officers , stockholders , employees , licensors , and agents from and against any complaints , charges , claims , damages , losses , costs , liabilities , and expenses -lrb- including attorneys ' fees -rrb- due to , arising out of , or relating in any way to : -lrb- a -rrb- your access to or use of the services ; -lrb- b -rrb- your content ; and -lrb- c -rrb- your breach of these terms . 
we try to keep the services up and running and free of annoyances . 
but we make no promises that we will succeed . 
the services are provided `` as is '' and `` as available '' and to the extent permitted by law without warranties of any kind , either express or implied , including , but not limited to , implied warranties , conditions , or other terms relating to merchantability , satisfactory quality , fitness for a particular purpose , title , quiet enjoyment , non-infringement , or arising from a course of dealing . 
in addition , while snap group limited attempts to provide a good user experience , we do not represent or warrant that : -lrb- a -rrb- the services will always be secure , error-free , or timely ; -lrb- b -rrb- the services will always function without delays , disruption , or imperfections ; or -lrb- c -rrb- that any content or information you obtain through the services will be timely or accurate . 
snap group limited , snap inc. , and their affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content that you , another user , or a third party creates , uploads , posts , sends , receives , or stores on or through our services . 
you understand and agree that you may be exposed to content that might be offensive , illegal , misleading , or otherwise inappropriate , none of which snap group limited , snap inc. , nor their affiliates will be responsible for . 
when permitted by law , snap group limited , snap inc. , and our affiliates , directors , officers , stockholders , employees , licensors , and agents , will not be liable for any indirect , incidental , special , consequential , punitive , or multiple damages , or any loss of profits or revenues , whether incurred directly or indirectly , or any loss of data , use , goodwill , or other intangible losses , resulting from : -lrb- a -rrb- your use of the services or inability to use the services ; -lrb- b -rrb- your access to or inability to access the services ; -lrb- c -rrb- the conduct or content of other users or third parties on or through the services ; or -lrb- d -rrb- unauthorized access , use , or alteration of your content , even if snap group limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages . 
in no event will snap group limited , snap inc. , or their affiliates ' aggregate liability for all claims relating to the services exceed the greater of # 100 gbp or the amount you paid snap group limited , if any , in the last 12 months . 
some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages , so some or all of the exclusions and limitations in this section may not apply to you . 
if you have a concern , let 's talk . 
go ahead and contact us first and we 'll do our best to resolve the issue . 
some of our services may have additional terms that contain dispute-resolution provisions unique to that service or your residency . 
if you are using the services on behalf of a business -lrb- rather than for your personal use -rrb- , you and snap group limited agree that to the extent permitted by law , all claims and disputes between us arising out of or relating to these terms or the use of the services will be finally settled under the lcia arbitration rules , which are incorporated by reference into this clause . 
there will be one arbitrator -lrb- to be appointed by the lcia -rrb- , the arbitration will take place in london , and the arbitration will be conducted in english . 
if you do not wish to agree to this clause , you must not use the services . 
to the extent the parties are permitted under these terms to initiate litigation in a court , both you and snap group limited agree that all claims and disputes -lrb- whether contractual or otherwise -rrb- arising out of or relating to the terms or the use of the services will be litigated exclusively in the courts of england in the united kingdom , unless this is prohibited by the laws of the country where you reside . 
you and snap group limited consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts . 
the laws of england and wales govern these terms and any claims and disputes -lrb- whether contractual or otherwise -rrb- arising out of or relating to these terms or their subject matter . 
the courts in some countries may not apply the laws of england and wales to some disputes related to these terms . 
if you reside in one of those countries , the laws of your home country may apply to those disputes . 
if any provision of these terms is found unenforceable , then that provision will be severed from these terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions . 
given the breadth of our services , we sometimes need to craft additional terms and conditions for specific services . 
those additional terms and conditions , which will be available with the relevant services , then become part of your agreement with us if you use those services . 
if any part of those additional terms and conditions conflicts with these terms , the additional terms and conditions will prevail . 
these terms -lrb- together with any additional terms applicable to specific services you use -rrb- make up the entire agreement between you and snap group limited and supersede any prior agreements . 
these terms do not create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights . 
if we do not enforce a provision in these terms , it will not be considered a waiver . 
we reserve all rights not expressly granted to you . 
you may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these terms without our consent . 
